Adding a new FAQ with the pre-requisite of GitHub permissions (#110590)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/devops-faq.md

If you want to move a connector’s location, for example a GitHub or Azure DevOps connector, to be stored in a different region than the original one where the connector was created, the recommendation is to delete the existing connector and then to create another connector in the new region.

### How can I see the MSDO scan results in GitHub

> Follow the guidance to set up the GitHUb Action [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/github-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the guidance to set up the [GitHub Action](github-action.md).
```

> Ensure that you have Read and Write permissions set on the workflow permissions in the GitHub repository. See more [here](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#configuring-the-default-github_token-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you have [Read and Write permissions](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#configuring-the-default-github_token-permissions) set on the workflow permissions in the GitHub repository.
```

> Ensure that you have Read and Write permissions set on the workflow permissions in the GitHub repository. See more [here](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#configuring-the-default-github_token-permissions).

Reviewer 2: Can we add a note to use with cautious for public repos and it give read and write permission on the repo

> ![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/assets/6423037/90fe1da6-2d41-4cf0-b93c-e69d1a348aff)

Reviewer: this image needs to be saved and added to the media folder and in this format with alt text 
![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/assets/58463413/c3a53b50-6a0a-4f13-9d25-d31edfe04562)
